#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/tests.in
#
alembic==1.13.1
    # via flask-migrate
analytics-python==1.4.post1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restful
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
blinker==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
    #   flask
    #   sentry-sdk
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-oauthlib
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via tox
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via flask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
coverage[toml]==7.4.4
    # via
    #   coverage-badge
    #   pytest-cov
coverage-badge==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
    #   sweetrpg-db
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via wtforms
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via pytest
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flask==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-dotenv
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-swagger
    #   flask-views
    #   flask-wtf
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
    #   sweetrpg-web-core
flask-caching==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-dotenv==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-migrate==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-mongoengine==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-oauthlib==0.9.6
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-rest-jsonapi==0.31.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-session==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via flask-migrate
flask-swagger==0.2.14
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-views==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/app.in
flask-wtf==1.2.1
    # via flask-mongoengine
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
hiredis==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via flask
kanka==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements/app.in
mako==1.3.2
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   marshmallow-jsonapi
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-model-core
marshmallow-jsonapi==0.24.0
    # via
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
mongoengine==0.28.2
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
msgspec==0.18.6
    # via flask-session
oauthlib==2.1.0
    # via
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   marshmallow
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via prometheus-flask-exporter
prometheus-flask-exporter==0.23.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
pymongo[srv]==4.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   mongoengine
    #   pymongo
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-model-core
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via tox
pytest==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-ordering
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
pytest-env==0.8.2
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
pytest-ordering==0.6
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   analytics-python
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/app.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via flask-restful
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   flask-swagger
redis==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   analytics-python
    #   kanka
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via flask-oauthlib
sentry-sdk[flask]==1.43.0
    # via -r requirements/app.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-restful
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==2.0.29
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-rest-jsonapi
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
sweetrpg-api-core==0.0.272
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
sweetrpg-db==0.0.137
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
sweetrpg-library-objects==0.0.366
    # via -r requirements/app.in
sweetrpg-model-core==0.0.154
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   sweetrpg-api-core
    #   sweetrpg-db
    #   sweetrpg-library-objects
sweetrpg-web-core==0.0.547
    # via -r requirements/app.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tox==4.14.2
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   asgiref
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/app.in
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.25.1
    # via tox
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via flask
wtforms[email]==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask-mongoengine
    #   flask-wtf
    #   wtforms
